Title: 2019-10-07
Date: 2019-10-07 20:30
Category: Blog

# Blog Post 2019-10-07

## Last month recap.

Another whole month and it's gone by so quickly, I didn't even actually realise until a few days ago that it wasn't August anymore. i.e. I completely missed September (and the first week of October it seems). If I'm completely honest I don't really think I've done *that* much, I mean, I feel like I've been productive and gotten things done when they've needed to be done, it's just gone by without me noticing. Now I'm not sure if this is a side effect of me settling into a routine of just consistent output instead of my more burst/downtime type workflow I used to have or something else. It might be even though I've had some notable things the last month, the fact that I always keep myself busy means I haven't had a chance to properly reflect, which is what this blog is for at the end of the day I guess.

I've also decided unless it's something worth writing about I don't think I will actually write about it. For example, this month it's been business as usual at work, so besides this brief mention here, I don't think I'll touch on it like I have in previous blogs.

## Royal Show
So I went to the Perth Royal Show with my wife this weekend, it was quite nice just to spend some time with her, and I think honestly this will be mostly what I talk about here. I wasn't ever really one for the show. it was something I'd do occasionally as my friends would be going and when I was a child, but even then, it was always the local show, not the one here in the city. Maybe I'm jaded in my "old age" but I don't think the show is really something for me, I'll go there with my wife for her as she quite enjoys it, and when I eventually have children I see myself bringing them to the show too, but it's not really something for me, if that makes sense.

I mean, down in my hometown we had a show that would run for one evening and one day (Friday/Saturday) and besides I think once or twice, every year we didn't go to see the fireworks, it didn't really matter to my family growing up - for us a family outing was more something like going out fishing and stuff along those lines.

I did sort of have more to talk about, but I kind of stalled on writing it (kind of don't know where the last 5 days have gone tbh), and now I'm just going to wrap it up with a very small little bit about something I do. It's about fireworks again. I always feel it's a little pretentious when I go to talk about this with someone or bringing it up. Basically I always try to watch the firework from when it launches, to an explosion, and when the explosion fans out, I follow just one of the "spokes" I guess, and with some of them, the spokes that come off them, down to the last little spec of light from that one, even if there's been another one (or more) that have launched since I started watching that one, it sort of gives me a little peace, I'm not sure if it's got some deeper meaning to me that I'm not fully sure on like "I can't see everything, so may as well focus on what I can" or maybe something deeper to do with life and how things burn out in time, but there'll be more after us or something like that... Either way, it makes me feel at ease, and while I'm writing this short little thing, which I was planning on going into detail on a lot more, I thought I'd just sort of, finish off with this. Maybe it is the focus on what you can thing.

### Anyway, that's me for now, I'll see if I can write more for the next post. Cheers
