Title: 2019-12-31
Date: 2019-12-31 14:30
Category: Blog

# Media of the Decade

So I've been so busy the last few months I haven't really had time to write up a proper blog, but I've been on break for a week now, and I'm only just beginning to feel relaxed today pretty much.

I was thinking about writing up like notable events for me over the past decade, but I'll probably end up posting a bunch to instagram, because that seems the relevant spot to put that kinda stuff.
Anyway, shout out to this tweet here ( https://twitter.com/domesticlullaby/status/1211608402310250496 ) for me actually writing this up, I was considering it, but this is encouragement etc.

These aren't in any particular order, they're just one's that are notable to me that I saw in the last decade, I'll italicise all the one's that have been released in the past 10 years, just to differentiate them a little.

I'm also leaving music off for now, because if I were to do that I would've had to start like a month ago just to go through my library and pull everything out.

## Anime
Anime gets it's own category because it just makes it a little bit easier when separating them out.

I'm going to write a little something about each of these, won't be a long description though.

* Akira  
It's a real shame it took me this long to see this film, I feel like it's the kind of thing that'll always be with me in some way or another, deep and ingrained. I'll probably go back and watch it again sometime soon because only a few disconnected plot elements remain in my head.


* Cowboy Bebop  
I finished this one only yesterday. I first attempted watching it all the way back in about 2010-2011. I'm not entirely sure why it took me so long as it was very enjoyable, I think it was I'd watch the first 5-10 episodes, then get busy with something else, and then come back later and start it again. Now that I persisted and actually got all the way through it, definitely worth it.

* *Mob Psycho 100*  
I'm terrible at binging shows, like, a binge for me is 2 or 3 episodes in a day, I mean, I assume that's terrible, basing that off my wife and general things online. I guess it's not even the 2-3 in a day, it's more that I do that once and then I don't watch anything for the next 2 or 3 days at all, there's been a small number of shows where I'm not beholden to this, the most recent of such shows is Mob Psycho 100, I'm not 100% of what it is about it that drew me in and held on, but I have no hesitation recommending it to anyone. Not to mention one of my new favourite music artists has a few AMV's. search up Lex the Lexicon Artist for her work.

* *Food Wars*  
Food wars, food wars, food wars... There's not much to say besides it's a shounen where the main character cooks so good he blows people's clothes off. I watched it for the meme of it and it managed to sucker me in, worth a shot, but if the characters don't interest you in the first couple of episodes, I'd probably let it lie.

* *One Punch Man*  
If you haven't heard of this one then, I'm not sure what to say. The show in premise is a parody of a bunch of other anime's where the main character is able to just win, regardless of the insurmountable odds, and this takes it to the extreme in that Saitama (main character) is able to defeat any opponent with a single punch. The premise alone is worth it in my opinion, but the nonchalance of Saitama is what really carries it in my opinion.

* Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex  
So, this is what I thought Ghost in the Shell was for the longest time, and then when playing Cyberpunk 2020 with some friends, and they described this as "Cyberpunk" along with some other items (which allude me currently) I was a bit confused, because while the movies (which I only watched last year or the year before or so) are very much cyberpunk with the grim view of the future and whatnot, SAC feels a lot more positive and happy, especially the Tachikomas. Which is worth watching the show on their own for.

* Neon Genesis Evangelion  
Alright, so this one is one of those you either like or you don't. I'm not ashamed to admit that at the end of it, it kind of messed me up a little and I had to take a few hours just to absorb it all once it was done.

* *Angel Beats*  
Out of all the one's I've listed here, if you haven't seen it, I'd recommend this one. It's super endearing and gets kind of emotional at the end. It's the one anime I know that my wife has sat down and watched more than once.

* *Steins;Gate*  
This one's probably my favourite of the decade, it makes reference to the old internet story of John Titor, it's sci-fi, it's got time travel stuff, and it has Tu-tu-ru girl. (it makes sense if you've seen it). I've really been meaning to go back and watch the other series that they've released. I believe they're sequels

## Movies

Alright, movies. I've watched a lot more movies than anime over the last decade, so this one will be a lot more terse, and I'll probably just skim over a majority of the ones I've seen. No particular order. These are also one's where I just recommend you go look up the synopsis yourself and decide from that.

* *Arrival*
* *Mad Max: Fury Road*
* *Shutter Island*
* *The Imitation Game*
* *Guardians of the Galaxy*
* *Baby Driver*
* *Inception*
* *Her*
* *Inside Out*
* *The Theory of Everything*
* *How to Train Your Dragon*
* *Solo: A Star Wars Story*
* *Tron: Legacy*

Dating these movies I've watched for the first time, but not from the past decade

* Cube (1997)
* The Net (1996)
* Sunshine (2007)
* Hackers (1995)
* The Muppet Christmas Carol (1992)
* War Games (1983)
* V for Vendetta (2005)
* Clerks (1994)
* Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure (1989)

There is probably a great number I have missed, but these are all that come to mind that I would watch again.



## T.V. Shows

Some of these, I watched before 2010, but these are one's that either finished in the last decade, or I went back and watched through the entire series since.

* Adventure Time
* Gravity Falls
* Community
* Star Gate: SG1
* Star Gate: Atlantis
* Star Gate: Universe
* Avatar: The Last Airbender
* Avatar: The Legend of Korra
* Daria
* Parks and Recreation
* Scrubs
* Sherlock
* Bobs Burgers
* Dr. Who
* Silicon Valley
* Mr. Robot
* Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency
* Brooklyn Nine-Nine
* Rick and Morty
* Dr. Ken
* Firefly



The ones below I haven't finished watching, for any number of reasons, but most I want to go back and get back into. Some of them I've only seen one or two episodes and I need to watch more to properly decide.

* The Flash
* Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D
* Legends of Tomorrow
* Arrow
* House
* Star Trek: The Next Generation
* Invader Zim
* Farscape
* Steven Universe
* Star vs. the Forces of Evil
* Black Mirror
* Westworld
* The 100
* Terra Nova
* Person of Interest

### So that's the list.. Maybe I'll keep this one updated, or maybe I'll post updates to it, who knows.

Anyway, have a lovely new years eve, and a lovely new decade.
