Title: 2019-08-26
Date: 2019-08-26 17:55
Category: Blog

# Blog Post 2019-08-26

So, we're about 65% of the way through 2019. And I'm still thinking that 2017 was last year. I feel like I'm missing so much time and I really don't know where it's gone. This is fine however, because time flies when you're having fun... right? Right?

## Work
Work has, as always, been busy, it's been good however, I've recently taken up documenting and serving the documentation using pydoc, I have briefly looked at spinx, and I might still go to using it, but one of my biggest problems has been having documentation in two different places. Having it all in one place makes it a lot nicer and easier for me to maintain everything. The next thing I'm looking at properly trying to approach is type annotations. The main thing holding me back from that is how best to use the typing library with objects and whatnot, but that's something for future me.

There's also the fact that I've slowly been moving away from just straight development/IT work and how I've been spending more time on other parts of the business. I won't go into details here, but I guess this helps cement my own personal opinion of me being a bit of a jack of all trades.

Besides that everything is more or less business as usual.

## Socialising & Game night
I haven't really spoken about socialising as a thing on it's own for quite a while because for the most part socialising has been the game night/game day/etc. I've been going to. I did the math somewhat recently, and in total I spend over 24 hours a week with friends playing these ttrpgs. I guess when I look at it that way, there's no surprise that I feel like I have significantly less time than I did a few months back. Oh well, it's been fun either way.

There's been a bunch of things that have happened since I last properly spoke about game nights, and I probably will write a full update, but I think currently it's best just to look at my twitter for some of my out of context quotes. Part of the reason I've been tweeting them is because they're legitimately funny, but also it feeds into my bot, and I'm really hoping for that to start pulling bits and pieces out of those tweets.

ttrpgs aside, I've done some other socialising, a few weeks back I caught up with an ex of mine. That was nice seeing and catching up with her. It's been god knows how long it's been since we last saw each other. She was my first "real" girlfriend but we're still really good friends and I'm really quite thankful for that. There was also going out for lunch with a friend of mine for their birthday, and that was really nice too. I know I'm glossing over details here, but that's because I'd feel a bit weird just recounting everything I do while hanging with friends here, even if it is just me at the end of the day who reads this. I guess one thing worth saying is that in both cases I've gone places in Perth that I haven't actually been before, or I've been through the area, but not really spent any significant amount of time there. I guess it's a small thing, but having friends to spend time with really grounds me, it's quite nice and it's hard to explain more than that I think

## Side Projects
I've for the most part been neglecting my side projects, this blog has been the one getting the most amount of attention and that's just writing content for it, but something I can probably say is that I've been sort of working on making my own ttrpg system to tell a particular story that I've been wanting to tell, problem I'm currently facing is I keep adding more and more things to it, making it overly complicated, so I'm probably going to have to cut down on that quite a bit to save my poor potential players. That being said I am writing some other bits and pieces to help with it. I might even push up some of these, maybe, we'll see.

## Reading
As usual I can't stick with just reading and finishing what I'm currently reading, I have to pick up more things and attempt to read about 8 books at once, in the last month I've added "I have no mouth but I must scream" to my reading list along with "John dies at the end" but the latter I've basically only just started. Both seem good, and I've just remembered I was reading Jam by Yahtzee Croshaw at the start of the year, I really must go back to that...

### I know this is a short one, but thanks for reading, and I'll catchya next time
