Title: 2020-04-03
Date: 2020-04-03 20:20
Category: Blog

# Last post at this house, first from the new one

So, moving out from my current place soon. I'll be leaving the western suburbs and moving north. I've been here about 15 months and in all this time it's never exactly felt like home. I'm not sure if it's that we got off to a bad start with circumstances I'm not getting into, or that the place needed a bunch more maintenance and work from me to keep it in a semi-respectable state than originally intended, could be a bunch of different things, but it is what it is I suppose.

Not that there's anything wrong with this place, just never really felt like home to me, area and neighbours were definitely good though. I guess we'll see what the new place is like.


So I wrote that up, but then didn't get to continue, I don't remember what more I was going to write. I guess I'll just continue on here and alter the title. yeah, that'll work.

So the move was pretty smooth I think, seeing we moved ourselves (with a bit of help from friends/family, oops for the social distancing thing, we kept it small though.) It only took a single trip with the moving truck (and a bunch more smaller car trips, but I choose not to count them.) I'd love to talk more about it but there's not really much to add.

I guess I should talk about the new place a bit, the area is a bit more of a "dodgey" one, I honestly think it's fine, especially seeing I think we're in one of the more expensive parts of the new suburb, I guess.. Might be a bit of an altered perspective because we're moving from a 2.2% crime rate up to 3.5% - The average for the city is 3.4, so close enough I guess? Anyway, it's a two story townhouse with a decently sized back yard, reticulation so I don't have to water it, no lawn but some of that weed-y type grass stuff. Pretty handle-able I think, not exactly a spot for me to put my hammock like the last place had a little outside cover sort of thing that worked well for it.
Moving inside, tiled floor, wooden laminate kitchen/laundry and carpeted steps/bedrooms. It's a three bedroom house, but my wife's office is also the spare room. There's not much else to go into detail here. we're still in the progress of actually moving and packing everything away, we'll get there eventually.


Something my wife and I are doing however is trying as many of the different places around the place, and this is mostly from a book I was reading (Algorithms to Live By, which I've mentioned here on this blog before). I believe it was a section on decision making, and applying an approach of the multi-armed bandit problem. Now I'm not going to say that I've started considering writing up a spreadsheet with all the different places around and started ranking them... but lets just say I have got a list of restaurants around the place.

Speaking of ranking systems, a friend of mine today (yesterday technically) told me how I've inadvertently gotten her to start caring about opinions and trying to justify them. This obviously wasn't my intention, but hey, being able to say with certainty that x is what you want. and inspired by this, I might start actually trying to rank some of these things with reviews and junk... (I might of already started writing up my opinions on Jesters Pies.)


So, I didn't really have a full circle here or like a proper conclusion, this is mostly me just rambling. Ahh well.

### Anyway, that's me for now. Cheers
