Title: Jesters Pie Ranking List
Date: 2020-04-23 01:20
Category: Blog

# Jesters Pie Ranking List

## Normal Pies
1.  Dr Pepper - Easily my favourite pie, just the right amount of pepper.
2.  Magic Mushroom - My go to when the Dr Pepper isn't available.
3.  Marharaja - When I don't feel like beef.

4.  Spud Deluxe - I always have a soft spot for potato pies, carbs on carbs on carbs etc.
5.  William Tell - Apple pies are always nice as a sweet sort of change.
6.  Stockmans - It might've just been once, but one time when I had the onion gravy, it really just tasted, bitter? I'm not too sure how to describe it, but there was something off about it, it didn't make me sick or anything, it just didn't taste very nice.
7.  Ned Kelly - Same as the Stockmans, but the Stockmans has chunky meat bits which I prefer over just straight mince which you find in the Ned Kelly.

8.  Morning Glory - Breakfast pie, not terrible, not exactly in my wheelhouse.
9.  Popeye - The spinach and cheese mix just seems a bit off to me, maybe it's a texture thing, I'm not too sure.

## Specials
*   Deluxe Double Cheezburger Pie (Special that is no longer available at my preferred store) - Wasn't too bad, the texture was a bit weird in my opinion, it was probably the lack of gravy, so just two beef patties with cheese and tomato sauce in the puff pastry crust
*   Meatballius Maximus - I've had this one once, it wasn't too bad, I think I found it a bit too heavy on the basil and herbs, it was fine, but seemed a bit like it was trying to over compensate maybe.



## Pies I've never tried
*   Cheesy Beef
*   Footy
*   Nutty Chook
*   Pavarotti



## Sausage Rolls
I'll have a different ranking for these as they're not actually pies.

1.  Big Bertha - I think this is a special? I'm not sure, it seems to come in and out of being available. It somewhat reminds me of how I make my own sausage rolls
2.  Regular - It's a pretty regular sausage roll, I'd honestly put it at about the same level as a Mrs Macs, like a fresh one.
4.  Spinach and Cheese - Least favourite, I much prefer my own ones, I'm not sure what it is exactly that puts me off.

3.  Bacon and Cheese - Unfortunately, never had this one so I cant comment, but my assumption is that it's between the regular and the Spinach and Cheese, but that's just a guess.

### Anyway, that's me for now. Cheers
