Title: Introducing PyLaridae
Date: 2020-09-03 11:14
Category: Blog

# PyLaridae

Heads up for my non-technical readers, this blog is now a dev-log. I vaguely talk about coding and whatnot.

I thought I was mad when I first started thinking of this, yet another project for me to get started on and then basically immediately drop, but thanks to two weeks vacation, I've actually done some stuff on it.

## Woah there friend, you're going too fast

Right, so in my last blog post I spoke about wanting to get sort of involved in the Static Site Generator world along with HeadlessCMS. I had started writing a static site generator before called Seagull. I named it seagull because I was mostly inspired by Pelican (which is what I use to turn this blog from basic Markdown into nice fancy html.)

I wrote Seagull to speed up how I start some of my little side projects that I start and never upload or do anything with, so messing around with a js charting library, I like to set up a specific folder layout, include bootstrap everywhere, do links to different pages where I do different things, etc etc. Seagull is far from being anywhere near functional for that. I expected when I went down south for my break I'd spend most of my time working on that, improving, tweaking, getting it ready for me to write another program that plugs into it.

Turns out I was like "nah, not into that" and went straight for the program to start managing files and whatnot. It took me a while to work out what I was going to call this extension project though. Initially I was thinking calling it "PyTern" because of an old joke of my dad's which was if you see a seagull on it's own, it's a bad seagull, because "One good *tern* deserves another". I'm no biologist, but gulls and terns are in the same family. I believe the common seagull is also known as the "Arctic Tern" - I could google this, but my phone is dead and as I write this I don't actually have internet. Anyway, didn't end up going with Tern/PyTern because searching "Tern Software" comes up with a javascript analysis project (I think) and PyTern looks too close to PyTerm which is a terminal emulator. PyTerm hadn't been touched in about 5 years, but still, I want my program to stand out on it's own. So I went for the scientific term for Gulls and Terns, Laridae. Laridae was some project for some specific need in R, but PyLaridae was free for me to use.

## Wow, okay, show not tell?

Seagull: https://github.com/notna888/seagull
PyLaridae: https://github.com/notna888/pyLaridae

## Thanks, now tell me more about PyLaridae

So, PyLaridae is still very much in it's infancy, there's still a lot to do before I'd say it's anywhere near being ready to actually use, but some of the stuff I've gotten working is that it displays files/folders in a directory, I've written two classes that I'm basically going to use instead of trying to extend the built in python file objects. I'll come back to why I'm doing it that way in a moment.
Today I've just started work on being able to write posts, I haven't properly started anything in the code yet because I'm spending some time researching the best way to do it. I found a vue library that I think might be good, but I'm still thinking about it all. Part of the reason I wanted to write my own file/folder objects, is because inserting images into markdown is a bit of a pain, might just be I'm not super crash hot at it, but it's my firm belief it should be easier than it is, so I'll build a wrapper around it.

One last thing. I'm not going to make it so PyLaridae needs to use seagull, in fact I'm planning on it being it's own standalone project for the most part, so the output of the posts can either be HTML which seagull will take in, or it'll be markdown which it seems every other SSG on the planet uses. But that's sort of a stretch goal.
That being said I'm thinking of adding markdown support to Seagull, but I'm not really not sure on that yet.

### Um, so yeah, I think that's all I wanted to include for this devlog. Thanks for reading, and feel free to tweet at me if you have any questions on these two projects. Cheers!
