Title: Fairwell 2020
Date: 2020-12-31 23:59
Category: Blog

# Fairwell 2020

Right, so this year is finally coming to an end. It's been a hell of a year, and frankly I'm glad it's over.

I've been incredibly lucky living in Western Australia where covid19 hasn't had a community transmission since April, and where life is basically as normal. We probably shouldn't be so complacent, but it is what it is.

But that's big picture stuff. I'm going to focus in on me. In April, I moved away from Mosman Park, cheaper rent and whatnot. It's sort of interesting now that I think about it, I moved there when I first came to Perth, bitter sweet I guess is the best description.

And this is where things go down hill. While I say things are complacent here, there was a bit of a period where we went into lockdown and stuff. I went out one Saturday to have a bit of a change of scenery. Anyway, while I was out, my wife was attacked with pepper spray as a part of an attempted home invasion. Luckily she was wearing her glasses so the spray didn't go directly into her eyes, and the people were gone within a minute of walking to our door. We don't know why or who or anything. Seems like it was either a case of mistaken identity or just a random fluke.

The next, and thankfully last thing on the list, is that my wife has left me. I'm not going to get into details with what happened here, but I'll say that it wasn't a mutual decision. I am... okay.

That's all I really have to say for this year recap thing. I'll try and get back into the habit of writing on this blog more.
